Jen: Hi.
Jen: Good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I am
Tired.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, I just want to
Richelle Direny: Get your coffee.
Jen: Yeah, you kind of sound a little tired.
Richelle Direny: No, gotta get your morning coffee.
Jen: Right, I'm drinking my tea.
Richelle Direny: Oh, um, what is it cold chai tea or hot
Jen: Hot. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay.
Richelle Direny: Let us. And then I also just climbed up some stairs. So knowing you're out of shape because when you go upstairs and you're huffing and puffing after
Jen: Right, right.
Jen: Yeah, I was going to ask you to if you talk to. I'm Dr. Austin because she didn't send over my script yesterday.
Jen: No, and I called
Jen: I called my pharmacy. About two o'clock, and they said that nothing was sent over so I called the administration's office and told them, and they said, Okay, we'll get back to
Jen: And never dead so I you know told them about it again this morning when I checked in for you. So I don't know what's going on. This happened to me like twice before and it took like two days one time.
Jen: You know, to get my prescription. And I'm like, I can't be having this, you know, waiting two days with no no medication.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't you who told me it wasn't you, who said to do it a day before, because then you won't get it till the night with it, you
Jen: Know I think to me now somebody that wasn't me know wasn't me know because I always
Jen: Called Natalie on on our days that we see each other, you know, and
Jen: I don't know if she heard me say I needed it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, she did say everybody needed it, I think, except for one person.
Jen: Yeah, so I don't know. I know she's filled my Gabba patent because she told me that. And then I said, Yeah, I need a refill on on the strips to but I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Are just returned message.
Jen: Okay, yeah, they said that they sent
Jen: The lady at the you know the missions said that she said one this morning. And then I was waiting for them to contact me last night about about it, but I never got I never got a call or an email.
Richelle Direny: I just sent her a message so
Jen: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Let me pull up your
Richelle Direny: Treatment plan.
Richelle Direny: So how was it. How was it, how did the interview go
Jen: Oh, I got the job.
Richelle Direny: Nice, nice. So are you, what are you going to be doing.
Jen: Um, I guess some the warehouse work where they pack the the items in the boxes and then ship them out on the truck.
Richelle Direny: So you're so you're going to be going to the warehouse.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, so, um, yeah. And my back. Oh my god, I don't know what's wrong with my back. Like, I don't know if it's because I've been sitting on my butt for like
Jen: Pretty much six months doing nothing but my back hurts so bad when I walk like I have to sit down and I'm almost in tears because of the pain. So I don't know. I have to see my doctor
Jen: About trying to get something besides the Gabba patent and the proxy and and the Tylenol, because it's not working.
Jen: And if I am starting this job on the 29th and I you know it's it's 10 hour days for four days and I can't be in pain working, you know,
Jen: So I don't know what type of non narcotic pain medications out there besides Gabba Penn, because that's really not working for me that's like more of a nerve medication. And I think it's like my my muscle or something.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Did you, are you able to call
To
Richelle Direny: Speak to her.
Jen: Um, yeah, I was gonna call them today to see if they have anything open. I have an appointment next month to get my demo shot and then talk to her about my refills.
Jen: Um, you know, my prescriptions and stuff because she gave me select saw for. So I was in a really bad funk of like depression, a little bit and then my anxiety and I don't like I don't like the
Jen: Default
Richelle Direny: She said her good until 420
Jen: Or 24 what
Richelle Direny: I'm guessing your medication.
Richelle Direny: She said the pharmacy won't fill it. Until then,
Jen: Until the 20th
Richelle Direny: Yeah, which is in three days.
Jen: Okay, well,
Richelle Direny: Or do you have none right now at all.
Jen: Um yeah like I had, I think I have like maybe one
Jen: Or two, but I can try to find he
Richelle Direny: Or she just said that they won't
Richelle Direny: They won't fill it. I guess your next refill date is on the 20th. So I when I guess when she called it in. They wouldn't put it through children.
Jen: Okay so well.
Jen: I guess I'm just gonna have to wait I'm I probably have them sit around in my bag. Sometimes they fall out of my box that there might be a couple in my bag that I did it. Look, but um but they said that they didn't even get a prescription so
Jen: Do I have to wait to the 20th
Richelle Direny: For her to center that's what she's saying that's what she said. They're not going to get because she can't put it through until then.
Jen: Okay, that's fine. That's fine. Just make sure she sends it in the morning, then for me.
Jen: And I'm what three days.
Jen: Yeah, I'm sure I have. I mean, I should have them because I had enough. You know what I'm saying. But I couldn't find them, but they're probably in the bottom of my
Jen: My bag like my little target bag, where I keep my medications that and sometimes they fall out of the box. So they're probably on the bottom of the bag. And I was just freaking out for no reason.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so, um, in terms of so like I would like this session to be one. Like I said, you know, I just want to start off with that just kind of seeing how everything went with your interview, when do you start working. Yeah.
Jen: The 29th. They did, yeah. I went yesterday, I'm
Jen: To do like my badge photo and to make sure the hours that I wanted. And then she said that they're going to do a background check. And she said, usually takes two to 10 days. Well, it took one day I got an email today saying congratulations, yada, yada, yada. You know, so
Jen: Yeah, I started on the 29th.
Jen: I'm not a morning person at all. But I took the Morning shift.
Jen: Because
Richelle Direny: You said what time you start nine o'clock.
Jen: No 745
Richelle Direny: Was that means you are good about your bed, early to get
Jen: In and it's about an hour bus ride.
Richelle Direny: So no, you don't drive
Jen: No, I'm setting up for a car. Um, but, um, it's like it's a 10 hour day, but the evening shift was from like 630 to like four in the morning, which I would love doing that shift, but
Jen: The neighbors around here, you know, are loud because it's becoming springtime summertime. So they're going to be mowing their grass in the morning or afternoon.
Richelle Direny: Because right now, it seems like the the weather is a little bit
Richelle Direny: Out of sorts.
Jen: Well, you know what I mean, like, you know, people out in the yard and the music and
Jen: My neighbors, you know, so I wouldn't be able to sleep. Like that's working third shift, pretty much.
Jen: You know, come and then coming home at like
Jen: Six in the morning. I'm going to have to wind down
Jen: And then it's just my neighbors are so loud sometimes above me, too. So
Jen: I'm not a double house.
Jen: Number lower
Jen: So I rather just do it in the morning, you know, and then come home.
Jen: And then do what I gotta do whatever I got a bad
Richelle Direny: Hear that I hear me now.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So in looking at your, your treatment plan goals like, um, you know, and from here on out. That's what we're going to be
Richelle Direny: Um, what is it like a goal that you would want to work on like yesterday I was going through a goal with someone and like
Richelle Direny: As I said, oh, what would you like to work on immediately. He was like, stop smoking. So then we were able to build on that. So what is for you. And let's see, and then we're going to break it down in looking at, um, you know, really, realistically,
Richelle Direny: You know, how are you able to be successful in that in that goal, if you will. So what is something that when you think about an all of it. Because when you think about, you know,
Richelle Direny: Your sobriety your sobriety. It's not just about if
Richelle Direny: You want one you want to. What was your, your, your drug of choice. It was pink pills, right, or was pills.
Jen: It was it started off pain pills and then I want to heroin.
Richelle Direny: It went to heroin and everything.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Now, yes, you know, your ultimate goal your long term goal your life long goal is to stay off of heroin or any type of substances and
Richelle Direny: To be able to maintain that
Richelle Direny: And, um, you know, not return back to that we could just talk about. Okay, so what are you going to do today did you identify your trigger, what took you away from not using
Richelle Direny: But it's actually thinking about the underlining issues the underlining stressors of those things in life that when you get
Jen: Overwhelmed
Richelle Direny: And you feel you lose hope and you lose all sense of
Richelle Direny: Control over any situation for that matter. Your inability to cope is what ultimate Elite is the catalyst to you reaching for something
Richelle Direny: To numb the thoughts, the racing thoughts is reaching for something to numb. If you're feeling hurt if you're feeling sad if you're feeling depressed, it's to not feel in that moment.
Richelle Direny: Right to shut out the world.
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: I don't want to deal with the world. It's kind of like thinking about Corona, but every time you turn on the news, the news isn't making any better.
Jen: The news we come around you.
Richelle Direny: So you're so fearful your you question everything. So guess what I'm so overwhelmed. I want to shut it off, I want to decrease my anxiety. I want to decrease my fear, I want to do everything.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to reach for those things that helps me to not think about that to help me to not focus and to worry about that.
Richelle Direny: Right when you're thinking about your goals, your goals are, what are some of the things that you can identify that Jennifer needs to
Richelle Direny: Work to work through or to work on. What are those things that you can, you know, let's we could, we could do a baby.
Richelle Direny: Two goals three long term goals and then we develop those short term individual plans to achieving those goals will do it over a three, four months span and will consistently work on them reviewing them each time.
Jen: So,
Richelle Direny: When you think about some of the things that you struggle with.
Jen: Um, well, the first thing which I was just talking about, was my bath pain because that's a big thing for me because
Jen: When my back hurt. Before I would just pop a pill, you know, an opiate or, you know, do my drugs and I wouldn't feel anything and everything would be fine. So that's a really, really big issue for me. Um, and since I gained a little bit of weight.
Jen: In these past like six months that might even have a little bit to do with my back my lower back pain as well because you know if you gain weight. You got more you know wait on you to carry you. Um, so I am starting to walk around the block.
Jen: A little bit like and if I if I'm in pain. I'll sit down for a minute because that's how bad it gets
Jen: And I feel like I'm in a 90 year old woman's body you know that needs like help you know those the ladies that have like the push roller things, not the chains, but like the pusher things the metal things that help them walk
Jen: I feel like I need one of those to put pressure on you know that instead of my back. Because when I go to Walmart and stuff and I push a car I'm fine, because it helps relieve the pressure from my back. So that's a big thing for me. Um,
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so when I, when I think about, okay, so, um,
Richelle Direny: So one of the goal can be working on healthier ways to cope with your back pain.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: When you think about your back in pain. I want you to think about
Richelle Direny: Let's
Richelle Direny: Someone pick that apart or let's go a little bit deeper with your back pain when you because there's the medical aspects of it because my back pain is more medical than it is psychological
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: Surrounding that I'm from a medical sample. Okay, one
Richelle Direny: When did the back pain star was going on with
Jen: I've always had either neck or back issues. I think it was my C three or C for, um, I had something wrong with them in my neck and
Jen: I don't know if they were slipped discs. I don't remember, but they were caused from car accidents. So I've always had issues. Now my my neck pain went away. But now my
Jen: Back hurts. I'm possibly from the car accidents. I've been in for one for two I was an exotic dancer for 10 years. So the shoes probably didn't help.
Richelle Direny: Lead them she
Richelle Direny: did a number on your back.
Jen: But I was fine up until I swear, up until
Jen: Six months a year ago you know my eight
Richelle Direny: So did you so with going to the doctor and have you gone to a chiropractor.
Jen: I'm scared to go because I don't know. I've heard stories, one of my indigo, especially one of my friends. She went and it messed her up really bad and she had
Jen: I don't remember what it was called but you know they master up, but I think if I just said, like maybe physical therapy or
Richelle Direny: Giving you in order to in order for you to go to physical therapy, you have to go to a doctor for them to find the right
Richelle Direny: Thing, and I'm not going to. And I want you always hear me say when I refer, when I asked her, and things. I always refer I'm, I'm a firm believer in this
Richelle Direny: I am not going to minimize somebody else's story and trauma or whatever that situation is, but I also take into consideration that when a person is telling me something. Are they really be 100% forthcoming with all the information that they're sharing with me.
Richelle Direny: Being
Richelle Direny: Your fear is coupled is coupled with whatever your friend told
Richelle Direny: When it comes on to a chiropractor. Um, and that is, she went to the conference or this is what she went in with she came out and now she's all messed up.
Richelle Direny: Okay, my mind would say, walk, walk me through the full details of that because
Richelle Direny: For proctor
Richelle Direny: To mess you up.
Richelle Direny: Is it that because like I've been to a chiropractor and I'm not gonna tell you any like there are things like when they go to crack your neck. It feels like they're about to end your life.
Richelle Direny: Right, because of the way they do do the night
Richelle Direny: But they also say to you, give me full control of your head. They'll tell you don't resist me.
Richelle Direny: They'll say, drop your head.
Richelle Direny: Gives me full control and when they're they're shaking your head around. And they said, you're still resisting me because they feel the tension.
Richelle Direny: Once they feel that you have released all control in their hand. Then they do the whole snapping thing and then you'll hear your neck go
Like right it
Richelle Direny: Was that you know an issue for her. When you're laying on the bed. You went before you even go in, they ask you, certain questions. Did you ever get into a car accident, this did that whatever the situation is
Richelle Direny: Depending on how you whatever experiences you have, for instance, you're an exotic dancer. YOU'RE WEARING THESE HEELS. Maybe you had a phone.
Richelle Direny: You go to a chiropractor, they're asking you all these questions because you are personally ashamed of the fact that you weren't an exotic dancer and this is what you did for a living.
Richelle Direny: And you got hurt wise on it because of your shame of what it is that you used to do you refuse to tell the chiropractor that that's pertinent information because the car park doesn't care whether or not you're an exotic dancer.
Jen: Oh, I'm not ashamed at all. I
Richelle Direny: Don't know I'm giving you an example.
Richelle Direny: You're giving
Richelle Direny: Example, the conference. It doesn't care.
Richelle Direny: That you're writing dance.
Richelle Direny: Okay. He cares that the for 10 years you are wearing the shoes and these are all the things that you were doing.
Richelle Direny: So now you're telling him this before he leaves you on the table and starts to adjust you he's gonna say hey you know what, why don't you go do this. Let's rule out all of these things. First, before I can do this. You understand what I'm saying.
Jen: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And the reason why even eat, and I thought that was a good example in terms of being an exotic dancer, because I've seen videos of dancers who have
Jen: Fallen
Jen: From being
Richelle Direny: On the pole and you know are badly messed up or whatever, and they never necessarily went to go get the assistance that they need to realign themselves. Um, so you went when people are telling you, I went to a chiropractor and they jacked me up. Did they really or
Jen: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Tell them the full story.
Jen: Right. And yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because when they're adjusting you they're adjusting from head to toe.
Richelle Direny: Right when they were and they ask you, certain questions now. It doesn't negate from the fact that, you know, everybody that's in certain businesses shouldn't necessarily be there.
Richelle Direny: Because they're not necessarily doing it, but I've been to chiropractors where they put you on machines and they're doing all kinds of things.
Jen: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: When you walk out of there. They'll tell you because of the fact that you just got an adjustment because of what you just did. Your body is not used to it. You may be in pain. So take some Tylenol, just to relax everything
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: Right, so sometimes when you're hearing, you'll always meet, hear me always even in group in every situation. I always say I you hear what other people are saying, but whatever you share I needed to. You need to make it personal.
Richelle Direny: To him so
Richelle Direny: That. So in in wanting to manage and finding healthier ways to cope with your pain. We have to, in this case, start from a medical standpoint.
Richelle Direny: Right, and that's why I asked, Did you go to a doctor did you go to a chiropractor because you probably go to the chiropractor and they do an X ray
Richelle Direny: And they'll probably notice. Hey, part of your, your back pain. It's because of this and they may ask, what was it, what were you doing in the past, and then when they tell you, they'll tell you. Okay, this is what the situation is. Now, I would recommend going to a physical therapist.
Richelle Direny: This specific therapy.
Richelle Direny: Because now they'll tailor fit it to the kind of therapy that you need.
Richelle Direny: And now you're better able
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: To be free of pain.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Like I had someone yesterday who has the same issue, but with her what her goals is working through her pain in having this exact conversation.
Richelle Direny: She was told in order for you to get to, to get rid of your pain. You have to have back surgery but she doesn't want to have back surgery because there's a 70% chance
Richelle Direny: That this will, you know, she could, she could possibly so for her. She made the conscious decision of not doing the surgery to get rid of the pain, but to manage the pain and manage
Jen: All of the same thing, right.
Richelle Direny: So now we're making our goal.
Richelle Direny: Based on what's realistic. You want to get off of pain pills, but is that realistic for you.
Jen: I hope so in the future. Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: So then we have to start with, going to a doctor and identifying. What's the source of my pain.
Jen: Right, gotta go get X rays and see what is
Richelle Direny: Going on really going with
Jen: My neck.
Jen: And my, my back because it my back. It even it's going down like my side or, you know, and I lift my leg. Like if I'm standing
Jen: You know, and I can feel that numbness from the sidecar I lift up my leg and push it again like a wall, and it's fine. It feels fine, which is weird. So I'm gonna have to definitely make an appointment.
Jen: And maybe try to go get some extra X rays to see where to go from there because
Jen: You know this. I can't do this anymore. Maybe. Maybe it's because I'm like I said, I've been lazy. I've always been exercising and I'm, you know, very active and it didn't hurt that that much. But now that I'm sitting on my butt all the time and gained a little bit of weight.
Jen: That might have something to do with it. Also, but yeah, I got, I got to find the underlining point here.
Jen: Mm hmm. Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: You have to first start you know taking my pills. It's Hey, did that would get rid of your pain temporarily though.
Richelle Direny: Right until you find out the sort because eventually the pain pills that you're taking is no longer going to work because the pain is becoming so much more
Jen: And they. And actually, they're not working, like they they work, but they only help slightly, they don't take away the pain at all like an opiate would
Jen: It just, it's slightly helping a little bit, but it's not taking away all the pain.
Jen: So then
Richelle Direny: If an opiate takes away the pain. It could be that the opiate is acting as almost like an anesthetic drunk, where it just like It numbs everything
Richelle Direny: The pain right so there. So it's like almost behave as if it's an anesthetic drunk.
Richelle Direny: Right there, that's working. But eventually the
Richelle Direny: Ones that anesthesia or the anesthetic wears off. Guess what, hey, I'm still here.
Richelle Direny: Right. So, then, did you really ever go to a doctor to identify the source of your
Jen: Oh, I have. Yes, I have gone to the doctor.
Jen: But it was years ago. And then my doctor put me on the Gabba Patton. Um, and then hopes. I mean, I mean, I can't take any opiates. I'm
Jen: But it helped and she gave me muscle relaxers to which helped a little bit, but it's, it doesn't take it away. I still feel it, especially when I walk so I just have to
Jen: Do what I gotta do make an appointment and take it from there.
Jen: That's all.
Richelle Direny: I can do is because this is the other thing about in, you know, it's always important that when you go to the doctor, you have to see the doctor doesn't know.
Jen: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: They don't, they only know what they study in the book.
Richelle Direny: They only know what they practice on a mannequin or a cadaver or all of that. Now your real life.
Richelle Direny: You're the real deal.
Richelle Direny: The only way I can help you is if you tell me everything
Richelle Direny: Right, because now
Richelle Direny: You are challenging me to do my research and apply my book knowledge to reality to try to figure it out. A doctor can only be world's renowned if
Richelle Direny: You challenge them enough and he becomes creative in dealing with your issue and from dealing with your issue. He's the only one that discovered. Hey, it's this, it's that this works.
Richelle Direny: Now let's sell it on the market and now he becomes world announced, simply because you put him to that challenge in that test. You get what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Right. So when you go to the doctor and they're giving you get a patent and you're saying, Hey doc listen though the Gavin patent works a little bit but it ain't really doing the job.
Richelle Direny: So I need to figure it out like there is something else going on there because this is what I find if it's a weight issue then he'll say okay well lose 20 pounds. Then come back.
Richelle Direny: Well done, right. So, feel the pain or until then clearly it wasn't the weight. It was something else.
Jen: I think I heard someone has a mailman sorry
Jen: I was on my mind at the door. I'll get it when I'm done.
Jen: Yeah, I'm gonna probably make an appointment. When I get off the phone with you, even if it's a virtual appointment.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And you have to be mindful, you know, you know if your goal is to eventually get off any type of pill.
Richelle Direny: You know you want to really have those informative conversations that they're not just dis prescribing you another drug because when all of these drugs that you're taking your liver your liver has to process it.
Jen: Right, right.
Jen: I love that too great anyway for
Jen: From drinking in my 20s, you know,
Richelle Direny: So, um, so the one goal that we're working on is
Richelle Direny: I see.
Richelle Direny: Pain man working
Richelle Direny: Yes Pena pain management working on healthier ways to cope with your back pain.
Richelle Direny: And now you're going to do that is
Richelle Direny: Or
Richelle Direny: Identify
Jen: I was even thinking about buying a cane.
Jen: For a minute just to help me walk around the block, you know,
Jen: Help with the pressure
Richelle Direny: Okay. So, speaking with your medical provider about the source of the pain and discussing options. One of them is
Richelle Direny: It and this is I'm going to say this one is going to be a little bit more shorter term because then once you speak with them, then they can you know let you know. So let's see 617
Richelle Direny: Um, you will within the next month, you're going to contact the doctor, or a chiropractor to identify within the next month.
Richelle Direny: Be able to have this
Richelle Direny: Informative so whatever they recommend
Richelle Direny: And, you know, follow through on
Richelle Direny: Recommendation
Richelle Direny: Because like I said, it's, it's, you have to start from medical anything that you do, even if you see a psychiatrist, they always they always go with the medical for everything. You always have to move out anything medical
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's move on to what is something else that you would like to
Jen: Um, get a car.
Jen: And might be. I mean, I don't know, might be
Jen: You know, not important to some people, but for me.
Richelle Direny: It's very important 745 in the morning and jumping on a bus or 30 morning for an hour. So, yeah.
Jen: That too. I'm. Plus, I've always had a car since I was 16 and
Jen: I mean, there was a little bits and pieces like about six months here or month there that I didn't have a car. But, I mean, I haven't had a car I last car was my Chrysler 300 when I was managing at
Jen: Volunteers of America, and that was probably like three years ago.
Jen: So it's been three years since I've had a car.
Richelle Direny: Three years ago, okay. So work, I would like to work on getting a car in the next one.
Jen: I want to say within the next six months.
Jen: Especially if I'm working at Amazon. They pay pretty good. So if I save you know a month paychecks not in just a month, but over a course of a few months, you know,
Jen: Even just to put down like 2000 down on a car, you know, and have a car note.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so on the objective would be to work on a budget that can support you, meeting the goal.
Yeah.
Jen: And I don't have many bills.
Jen: Because I do have Section eight
Jen: Which I'm thankful for, because when I was in treatment. I think I told you this story. When I was in treatment.
Jen: When I first got in trouble. I went to Matt Talbot and my counselor said, Hey, do you want to put your name in, you know, section eight lottery. And I was like, what's that I've never heard of it.
Jen: She told me I said sure, why not. Well, they picked me and then you had to go down and meet the requirements, you know, no drug felonies and three years no this no that whatever and I got it, but it
Jen: It was the most difficult procedure finding a place to take Section eight and Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Anyway,
Richelle Direny: I think that's anywhere. It is
Richelle Direny: Really anywhere. Anywhere decent because
Richelle Direny: Even here in Florida. I've heard that same thing, um, some places don't
Richelle Direny: Some communities don't necessarily because it's like the stigma that's attached to it.
Richelle Direny: That for people on spec section. It's the stigma, because it's a voucher that you get. And you have to find the person who is willing to accept that voucher.
Richelle Direny: That time
Richelle Direny: So it. I think the reason why the difficulty in it is because of the stigma attached to it. And of course there are people who don't make it that you know
Richelle Direny: Right on help to remove that stigma, because they go
Richelle Direny: And then if you decide that you're going to move into a really nice community and then you keep it really bad, like you will then and then all of a sudden starts running down, simply because of the traffic you bring in how to keep the place. So then with that it makes it very, very hard.
Richelle Direny: Right, you're putting your business out in the street that you want a Section eight and that you can't. You're saying so.
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: Right, it's really the stigma type. So that's anywhere you go.
Jen: Yeah, and it's because if there's a stigma also attached to it because of in the past, people would trash the house, you know, the houses and leave it. So now, people like me who don't do that. It's hard to find a place, but
Jen: I thank God that I found a nice house in a nice neighborhood, you know, so I'm very blessed with that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you know, it's all, it's all in how you keep it because I've seen
Richelle Direny: I've seen it on both sides. I've seen where I'm like in a really
Richelle Direny: Somewhat upper class neighborhood or somebody was on Section eight and it was a really big house really really your house and
Richelle Direny: When I heard they were on Section eight because I like you know I go and you know we all have these preconceived notions and we somewhat judge people without intentionally trying to judge them.
Richelle Direny: And I remember seeing. And I was like, man, this is a big house are you're able to afford this. And then that I was told she said I, there were on Section eight
Richelle Direny: And now the inside of the house wasn't all that it wasn't well cats. The outside of house wasn't too too bad. Um, what and then I've also seen places where people they keep the house that almost as if they are the ones that own the house and it's like really, really nice.
Richelle Direny: Right. And you would never know.
Richelle Direny: That their own section. Anyway, so, but again, it's just all about the individual. So if a transfer taking
Richelle Direny: But some of them are not willing to take that chance because of the stigma.
Jen: That comes. Right. Right. But I'm going to stay here for, you know, quite a while, till I save up because I want to buy a house.
Jen: You know, I want to purchase my own house and call my own after I, you know, have a good job and I don't, I don't want to live.
Jen: On Section eight, the rest of my life. And people think just because you're on Section eight. You don't have to pay rent. Well, when you don't work.
Jen: You don't. But once you start working you you have to pay rent and might not be the whole amount but you pay a good part of the rents depending how much you may
Richelle Direny: Then. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I think what section eight, don't they, every so often, someone comes to trick on you right
Jen: Yeah, it's either every six months to a year that they do an inspection. So my inspection should be coming up shortly. And there's a couple things that the
Jen: Landlord needs to take care of. Not bad things. But, um, and he's got to paint the the front porch, the steps to preserve picky. Some of them are really, really picky when they come and check the houses and then others.
Jen: Don't care. You know, if you want something done. You tell them, and then they write it on the list and tell the landlord, you know,
Jen: So, but, but my place is really nice.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good. Um, so let's see. So with the car, you're going to, we're going to do a budget, maybe on every time that we meet like you start on the 29th, so maybe within like with your first paycheck. You can do some individual goals is like with your first paycheck, you will
Richelle Direny: Put aside, maybe a certain percent or, you know, maybe
Richelle Direny: Right percent of your total paycheck, at least 1% or at least 2%
Jen: I'll be doing probably at least half
Jen: I mean, probably half between 25 and 50% I know because like I said, I don't have many bells so
Jen: I'll try to do as much as I can.
Jen: But I want to say out least 25%
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Jen: Man, I gotta see if I get paid weekly or bi weekly
Richelle Direny: Assignments. I'm going to say, um,
Richelle Direny: Let's do 10%
Jen: Okay.
Richelle Direny: A month later being realistic because you have to, you haven't worked in a while. So you want to be realistic to what it is that you're doing.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: We'll
Richelle Direny: After
Richelle Direny: All right, and then I'm sold 10% of multi multi multiple 10% of monthly salary.
Jen: I will try to save
Richelle Direny: At least 10% of monthly salary.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: The next one will be
Richelle Direny: What else do you think that you can do to to reach your goal.
Jen: To work. I mean,
Jen: As I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Maintain your job.
Jen: Yeah, just. There you go. I had a brain fart for a minute. Yeah, I maintain my job and I'm, you know, not call off or be late, all the time.
Jen: You know, to get fired.
Richelle Direny: Okay, maintain drive by following general rules and requirements of the job.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's just do those because those are two, you know, pretty good ones.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of like when you think about your triggers like. So in terms of your, your relapse prevention plan when you think about triggers. What are
Richelle Direny: What have you
Richelle Direny: Some emotional triggers that you have
Jen: And what are just some emotional triggers, I'm
Jen: Probably. I think I told you before, just being lonely.
Jen: That's an emotional. Would that be considered emotional trigger being bored and lonely.
Jen: So those are my two major ones is being
Richelle Direny: Alone, because you're that you live alone.
Richelle Direny: Yeah relationship. What are the relationship triggers for you. If there are
Jen: Well, I'm not in a relationship, but when I was I'm
Jen: Just when we would argue and I you know I would get so mad.
Jen: You know i if i get mad. I would just say, Screw it. You know, I don't want to deal with this type thing.
Jen: That was, that was a really toxic relationship, though.
Jen: And that was two and a half years ago and I've been single sense. Um, but in a normal house.
Jen: What was that
Richelle Direny: What kind of trigger was that what was that relationship sugar.
Jen: I mean, it was a toxic relationship. So everything when we thought was a trigger.
Jen: I'm
Jen: Just because I mean it was a very toxic codependent relationship and I'd get mad at them.
Jen: And he would get mad at me and both of us. We would just say, Screw it, you know. And he, I know you know he did, you would say, you know, I fit and go and leave you know blame me for something leave and go get high.
Jen: And, you know, there's a couple times that I that I did too, but in a normal, healthy relationship. I don't believe I'm like where I'm at now. I would rather talk it out.
Jen: Instead of just arguing and saying SEO, you know, because we were both addicts, you know,
Jen: I'm so
Jen: But yeah, just, I mean, arguing
Richelle Direny: About what about situation for growth.
Jen: Situational, do you mean as in relationships or
Richelle Direny: Situation anything
Jen: I'm situation all
Jen: That's another thing too, if I if I'm on the phone and I'm arguing with somebody. It's making me mad like my mom.
Jen: For instance, you know, or when I lived with her.
Jen: She you know just she made me angry. And I would just want to use
Jen: I wouldn't all the time, but I would just leave.
Jen: So,
Richelle Direny: What are some healthy coping skills that you would say
Jen: Um,
Jen: Well, like I said, I would just leave the situation, you know, either leave the house.
Jen: Or hang you know hang up the phone. So I'm hey I have to go. I don't want to talk about this right now.
Jen: Hopeless.
Richelle Direny: Walking away.
Mm hmm.
Jen: Walking away from the situation so well escalate anymore.
Jen: I'm
Richelle Direny: For your journal. Do you like to read. Do you listen to music.
Jen: That's I love listening to music. I love our I'm getting back into painting.
Jen: I have some paints, but it's hard because the the stores are open to go get paints and you know canvas says
Jen: But, um, yes. I used to read. I used to write paint draw listen to music I'm
Jen: Matt meditate, sometimes, depending
Richelle Direny: Who is
Richelle Direny: A person when you think about support a person
Jen: I'm my uncle, Dave.
Richelle Direny: So if you look, you need that extra support, you can call your uncle, Dave.
Yes.
Jen: Or now my new sponsor, since I have a sponsor now.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: I don't know her to all yet because I just met her a couple weeks ago and it was on um you know on Facebook through this, you know, a
Jen: You know support group. Um, so I haven't met her in person yet but we both are like, you know, wait until this virus is over, then we can finally meet
Jen: You know, and take it from there because she wants to start on the steps. And I said, I don't mind working on steps one through three, but I don't want to do four and five until I get to meet you in person.
Jen: And make sure we connect you know make we because four and five. You tell you all your secrets you know all your demons and you know we don't get along in person. You know, I don't want this person knowing my stuff my business.
Jen: You know,
Jen: But we still talk every day and I'm for doing what steps, one, two, and three. So,
Richelle Direny: I'm for me, that's great that you're proactive in even in the French those friends to get a sponsor.
Jen: Yeah. Cuz that's another reason to when I graduated drug court.
Jen: I stopped talking to my sponsor and, you know, eventually I did relapse. So
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's let me let me schedule appointment with you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so the next availability.
Richelle Direny: That I will not availability, but
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at Monday.
Richelle Direny: You say you started on 29 what time would you be working so
Um,
Jen: Oh, it starts I believe at 745 and it's a 10 hour shift so 785 ish
Richelle Direny: Monday through Friday.
Jen: Um, no.
Jen: I don't know. Today's I forgot. When she told me yesterday, but I'm going to get all that information. I believe in my email.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what I'm going to do, I'm going to put you on here for seven o'clock on the fourth month leading up to it. You can call me. I mean not call me. You could just, but when we come for group, you could just let me know what your schedule is and
Jen: Yeah, and that's another thing too, and I was doing the hours. I was like, Well, shoot, I need to do my you know group sessions on Thursday.
Jen: You know, and I'm going to be at work at, you know, at noon. So I'm kind of glad the six o'clock opened up, you know, so I'll probably be able to do the six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I'll put I'll put you in for
Jen: May 4 at seven cloud.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Jen: I wrote it down. I'm going to put it
Richelle Direny: will also give you reminders. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know, for some reason.
Jen: I had a picture in my head that it was a five o'clock yesterday or
Jen: Yeah, yesterday, so I ran up to the store, real quick with my uncle, and then I was coming home. I seen the talk. So you're like, are you still coming
Jen: And I said, Yes. And then
Jen: I said something else and the spot you know you have somebody at five. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, I felt like the, the biggest idiot because you always tell these people in these groups, you know, make sure because I'm not gonna deal with this shit.
Jen: I'm like, great.
Jen: Here I missed a meeting thinking, you know, was four or five o'clock instead of four o'clock and, you know, because I'm not that type of person you know I like
Jen: Everybody in the group is like, oh, when is it when is it this and then I'm like, Oh my gosh, all these questions you should write it down and put it in your phone. You know, like, because we're all adults here, you know, stop asking when you're john appointment is but
Richelle Direny: You know, I know I'm fine, because we're there. But yeah, if you don't like I said, it's just the communication, you know,
Richelle Direny: Of course I'm not not okay with also constantly having to reschedule because there are people who need the appointments or what have you, but
Richelle Direny: Ya know it communication is like very important for me so
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah, you're good.
Richelle Direny: But thank you so much. I mean, you should
Richelle Direny: You were so you you you are on it that you showed up at 930
Jen: Right.
I made sure
Richelle Direny: No worries. Thank you so much done and I will see you. Good luck. Congratulations.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much, and
Richelle Direny: You know until we meet again. Have a good weekend.
Richelle Direny: Yes. All right. I'll
Jen: see you Thursday.
Richelle Direny: No problem. Bye bye.
Bye.